welcome to football Monday in a playoff
game against the GW geckos versus the
Sanchez sharks we start with GW up six
until Jarek Napa's he takes to the right
sideline for six points in the Sharks
convert on the two-point try afterwards
looking for some offense the gate goes
QB Derek sonses lays one out for valium
Borja who makes a spectacular diving
catch that big 25-yard gain through the
air helps set up a little trick play as
Santos hands it off to number 35 Keanu
Hahn who would find moonlight through
the scenes and score giving GW the 12-8
lead and then the Sharks starting to
buckle on defense as Santa's control to
loose snap and gets it in the hands of
his speed aced receiver Valley in Borja
for his second touchdown of the game
we can't go set up a championship match
with the women's of the ft WOM high game
and here's Valley and after the game
explaining how the geckos were able to
break such big plays I just made me buy
the line they're holding the defense so
to give our quarterback a lot of time to
get those good down passes and watch it
that's a fly it's so one more
championship spot up for grabs as empty
taking on Guam high and right from the
get-go fullback number 16 Tegan Brown
follows his blockers who paved the way
for a 40-yard rushing touchdown more
from Brown later the fryers trying to
pose the comeback down seven as
quarterback Brian Romero tries to lay
one out for his receiver but Panthers
quarterback Paul Floyd was there for the
red zone interception and Floyd would
make a huge statement play right before
the half ended as he was flushed to the
right side of the field and just lays a
massive truck on the friars defender
knocking his helmet right off for
getting a truly pumped after the play
and the Panthers players riding that
momentum after a three now by the friars
the Panthers would take control handing
it off to little hercules DJ cruz as he
breaks a huge 35 yard run that would set
up Tegan Brown for a second touchdown of
the game
the fryers down by 14 as Romero tries to
get loose but gets stripped on the play
and cornerback number 20 Marquis dollars
scoops it up and avoids all tackles to
increase the lead to 20 zero Panthers
you already know where this is going
Paul Floyd lays it up for Matt Eaton who
closed out the fryers in a twenty seven
eight beat down we caught it was Tekin
Brown after the game about going to the
finalist and the play of his team it
feels amazing
for wine I have to give it up to my line
because I would never be where I met or
where our whole team is that right now
in the championship and I know we're
ready for it
one of them was a ride middle with the
whole line he made a big guy for me
and I just ran right up the middle
reporting for sports watch
I'm Robert Balaji